docs: user_guide/basic.rst: impr. device agnostic section (#5435)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/user_guide/basic.rst

Memory management
-----------------

Check :doc:`./memory` for a detailed description of how memory is managed in CuPy
using memory pools.

> How to write device agnostic code

Reviewer: I'd prefer the "CPU/GPU agnostic" terminology in this section to remain unchanged. "Device agnostic" has a different meaning, usually associated with code portability (ex; vendor-neutral support such as the support of NVIDIA/AMD GPUs). We should add a section on this point in a separate PR.

Author: Thanks for the feedback/comments, @leofang. I agree with all of them except this one. I understand that saying "device agnostic" is not exactly right and that the word "device" is primarily used to mean GPUs, but I feel that saying "CPU/GPU agnostic code" is a bit misleading. The slash usually means "or", so if we consider only one part (say, CPU) -- it would become "CPU agnostic", which implies that code is agnostic of CPU it runs on (which is, probably, true, but not what this section is about). Should it be "CPU-GPU agnostic", perhaps? I'm OK leaving this "as-was" but it actually confused me when I was reading it, hence the PR.

Author: I reverted this change (and changed the next paragraph accordingly) but I suggest to take a closer look at this at some point in the future.

Reviewer: > The slash usually means "or", so if we consider only one part (say, CPU) -- it would become "CPU agnostic", which implies that code is agnostic of CPU it runs on (which is, probably, true, but not what this section is about). Should it be "CPU-GPU agnostic", perhaps? I'm OK leaving this "as-was" but it actually confused me when I was reading it, hence the PR.

Oh, OK, so this was what confused you. I'd say it's kinda a common term used in the field --- If you google it, you'd find way more entries using "CPU/GPU agnostic" than using "CPU-GPU agnostic", although a portion of those are focusing on CuPy/Chainer 😄 

Not that a forward slash has overloaded meanings in English --- in addition to "or", it can also be used for punctuation, indicating connection/conflict, or **"and"**. (See, I just said "CuPy/Chainer".)

----------------------------------

CuPy's compatibility with NumPy makes it possible to write device agnostic code.

> For this purpose, CuPy implements the :func:`cupy.get_array_module` function, that

Reviewer: No comma.
```suggestion
For this purpose, CuPy implements the :func:`cupy.get_array_module` function that
```

returns a reference to :mod:`cupy` if any of its arguments resides on a GPU
and :mod:`numpy` otherwise.
Here is an example of a device agnostic function that computes ``log1p``:

.. doctest::

   >>> # Stable implementation of log(1 + exp(x))
   >>> def softplus(x):
   ...     mod = cp.get_array_module(x)
   ...     print("Using module:", mod.__name__)

>    ...     return mod.maximum(0, x) + mod.log1p(mod.exp(-abs(x)))

Reviewer: Please revert this example. `xp` is a standard usage that already prevails in the community.

Author: I'm OK with reverting this, but wanted to note that this document targets those who are not part of the community yet. So, do you think a note about `xp` (in the form of a Python comment) would fit this example?

Reviewer: > this document targets those who are not part of the community yet

I wouldn't say so. The current documentation is written under an (implicit) assumption that users are already familiar with NumPy (so `import numpy as np` shouldn't be considered foreign) and basic terminology of GPU programming (ex: users need to know the distinction between host and device, data locality, etc). This, compounded with `import cupy as cp`, renders `xp` here an easy-to-understand convention.   

IIRC there is a plan to write a new piece of docs targeting beginners, just like NumPy's (https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/absolute_beginners.html). We could explain this convention there. (Maybe you're interested in contributing to this write-up? 😇)

Author: > > this document targets those who are not part of the community yet
> 
> I wouldn't say so. The current documentation is written under an (implicit) assumption that users are already familiar with NumPy (so `import numpy as np` shouldn't be considered foreign) and basic terminology of GPU programming (ex: users need to know the distinction between host and device, data locality, etc). This, compounded with `import cupy as cp`, renders `xp` here an easy-to-understand convention.

I'm sorry I wasn't clear -- I was talking about the CuPy community, not NumPy/GPU programming beginners: this is the "Basics" page of the CuPy's user's guide, so the target audience is those who are unfamiliar with CuPy. For example, I know about `numpy/np` convention and this page introduces `cupy/cp` but `xp` didn't strike me as super obvious. I think once the reader's knowledge of `cupy/cp` convention solidifies, `xp` var. name will make more sense.

> When you need to operate on arrays that reside on CPU and GPU,
> you first need to transfer them to the same device -- either CPU or GPU.

Reviewer: The new description reads odd to me, mainly because 1. I don't see it offers better clarity compared to the old one, and 2. "CPU" usually is not considered a device. How about this?
```suggestion
When you need to manipulate CPU and GPU arrays, an explicit data
transfer may be required to move them to the same location -- either CPU or GPU.
```

For this purpose, CuPy implements two sister methods called :func:`cupy.asnumpy`  and
:func:`cupy.asarray`. Here is an example that demonstrates the use of both methods:

.. doctest::

   >>> x_cpu = np.array([1, 2, 3])
   >>> y_cpu = np.array([4, 5, 6])
   >>> x_cpu + y_cpu
   array([5, 7, 9])

>    >>> x_gpu = cp.asarray(x_cpu)

Reviewer: Good catch! This makes the snippet self-contained.

   array([5, 7, 9])
   >>> cp.asarray(x_gpu) + cp.asarray(y_cpu)
   array([5, 7, 9])

The :func:`cupy.asnumpy` method returns a NumPy array (array on the host),
whereas :func:`cupy.asarray` method returns a CuPy array (array on the current device).

> Both of these methods act on an arbitrary source, meaning that they can be applied to any data
> on the host or device that can be converted to an array.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
Both methods can accept arbitrary input, meaning that they can be applied to any data that
is located on either the host or device and can be converted to an array.
```
